Readme Update - Draft 1 (#257)
Azure-Samples/azure-files-samples: AzFilesHybrid/readme.md

# AzFilesHybrid
## Overview
The AzFilesHybrid PowerShell module provides cmdlets for deploying and configuring Azure Files. It offers cmdlets for domain joining storage accounts to your on-premises Active Directory, configuring your DNS servers, and troubleshooting  authentication issues. 
## Installation

> ### Prerequisites

Reviewer: In the prerequisites, we should also mention the execution policy stuff

[PowerShell 5.1+](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/install/installing-powershell-on-windows?view=powershell-5.1) or [PowerShell 7+](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/install/installing-powershell-on-windows?view=powershell-7.5#install-powershell-using-winget-recommended)) \
[.NET Framework 4.7.2+](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet-framework/net472)
### Install From PSGallery (recommended)

> Open a PowerShell7 terminal \
> Paste in the following Code snippet and run \
> `Install-Module -Name AzFilesHybrid` \
> [For other installation options and the latest version](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/AzFilesHybrid/)

Reviewer: The backslashes are not the most natural way to skip lines in markdown. Let's maybe do this?

````suggestion
Run the following in a PowerShell window
    
```powershell
Install-Module -Name AzFilesHybrid
```
````

### Install From Zip File (legacy)
[Download latest release from our Releases Page](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azure-files-samples/releases) \

> Extract the zip folder in desired directory

Reviewer: We should also mention `.\CopyToPath.ps1`

## Uninstall
### If Installed From PSGallery

> 1. Open a PowerShell terminal 
> 2. Paste the following code snippet below and run \
> `Uninstall-Module AzFilesHybrid`

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Run the following command in a PowerShell terminal:

```powershell
Uninstall-Module AzFilesHybrid
```
````

### If Installed From Zip File

> 1. Find the directory where the zip file was extracted

Reviewer: I think we should give some instructions on how to do that. Let's sync offline
